alright folks this is the 2008-2009
sorry 2009 r8 with bursts Bucer pickups
and I am going to put whizzes on it so
this is a video comparison and I'm gonna
play something just off the top of my
head nothing special and then I'm gonna
run down where the soldering iron is
nice and hot and we're gonna remove
these two pickups and we're gonna put
the wizards in there or just whizz pick
them Croatia
what trouble pick up a Marshall vintage
modern combo everything's pretty much up
the middle clean channel or clean
whatever you call it it's not really a
channel
let's see trouble is about ten o'clock
middle is 12 o'clock base is 12 o'clock
presidents 12 o'clock master volume just
passed punish the reverb is a little bit
much them turn it down a little bit and
uh detail and body or just about 12
o'clock with all the distortion stuff
off so it's gonna clean Marshall will
get still too much reverb through the
cameras mic which ain't that good
your glass rattling cuz my wife's glass
collections next to the Apple and
hopefully it doesn't fall
okay so we're gonna put on the Wizards I
like to call them Wizards
our wizards or Wiz or just wizard the
burst buckers sound really good through
this amp anyway okay next video